hey guys it's me again two videos two
days epic okay this is my first mushroom
of motions service free open they put
the severe emotional middle and
apparently it's got tissue paper so
should we get the second off then I walk
by the dresses off fix me I go Kalitta
maybe kind of have to show you the
secret motion good okay oh it's wrapped
in tissue paper okay okay here we have
them a swim beach squint beast would
human i think is you don't want to say
that is fun because this was oh yes this
one's ready i think i am doing these for
much of course oh this is coo coo one it
does your eyes okay no surprise okay
they think is going to happen grab one
or anything I think it's just got going
to be a gold motion or some Swift
is yours oh here is it I remember one
time I go that is an ethical as you can
see but on a long time is it rare and if
gold um-hmm these are just the resin
bold and you losing dear are they
willing gold as I've ever and God I got
to get this fire gold well your attic I
like to go 1-1 done as a bit of gabby
nipper because early at you to actual
much use in it that's wise that I was in
that I think the M stands for monster so
as you can see both in mountain wow the
sky and stones there we go ok more video
something stairs to consume here